lib: pdn: destroy context on CFUN 0 (#15624)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_readme`:

  * Rename the nRF91 socket offload layer from ``nrf91_sockets`` to ``nrf9x_sockets`` to reflect that the offload layer is not exclusive to the nRF91 Series SiPs.
  * Removed support for deprecated RAI socket options ``SO_RAI_LAST``, ``SO_RAI_NO_DATA``, ``SO_RAI_ONE_RESP``, ``SO_RAI_ONGOING``, and ``SO_RAI_WAIT_MORE``.

* :ref:`modem_info_readme` library:

  * Fixed a potential issue with scanf in the :c:func:`modem_info_get_current_band` function, which could lead to memory corruption.

* :ref:`pdn_readme` library:

>   * Added the event ``PDN_EVENT_CTX_DESTROYED`` to indicate when a PDNs PDP context is destroyed. This happens when the modem is switched to minimum functionality mode (``CFUN=0``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added the event ``PDN_EVENT_CTX_DESTROYED`` to indicate when a PDN connection for a PDP context is destroyed. 
    This happens when the modem is switched to minimum functionality mode (``CFUN=0``).
```

* :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_readme`:

  * Updated the RTT trace backend to allocate the RTT channel at boot, instead of when the modem is activated.
  * Rename the nRF91 socket offload layer from ``nrf91_sockets`` to ``nrf9x_sockets`` to reflect that the offload layer is not exclusive to the nRF91 Series SiPs.
  * Removed support for deprecated RAI socket options ``SO_RAI_LAST``, ``SO_RAI_NO_DATA``, ``SO_RAI_ONE_RESP``, ``SO_RAI_ONGOING``, and ``SO_RAI_WAIT_MORE``.

* :ref:`modem_info_readme` library:

  * Fixed a potential issue with scanf in the :c:func:`modem_info_get_current_band` function, which could lead to memory corruption.

* :ref:`pdn_readme` library:

>   * Added the event ``PDN_EVENT_CTX_DESTROYED`` to indicate when a PDN connection for a PDP context is destroyed.

Reviewer 2: If I understand this correctly, the purpose of the new event is to indicate, that the PDP context (i.e. the configuration) has been destroyed/removed. Naturally, all PDN connections are always disconnected when modem is switched to flight mode (`+CFUN=4`) or minimal functionality mode (`+CFUN=0`). The text should only talk about the context, not the connection, I think.

Author: Thanks, I'll update the release note.
